because the university values LGBTQ
students in the Notre Dame community as
indeed it values all of its students the
university is committed to fostering an
environment of welcome and mutual
respect that is grounded in its Catholic
mission when I received my acceptance
letter from Notre Dame
I remember the envelope read welcome
home home is a place where I know I
matter home is a place where I'm
challenged and supportive home is a
place where I feel valued for my
contributions home is a place where I'm
embraced for who I am
we're committed to fostering a culture
of respect and support a Notre Dame if
you can help us win championships you
can help us win championships I'm a
conference champion I'm an out student
here at Notre Dame your dedication and
effort shaped your reputation I'm an out
student athlete a Notre Dame and I feel
at home on race day because at nerd aim
if you can play you can play if you can
play you can play you can play you can
play if you can run
if you can serve you can serve
you can hit you can hit if you can block
you can block if you can make it save
you can make it safe you can golf even
golf you can swim
if you can shoot you can shoot we want
everyone who belongs to the Notre Dame
athletic department family to feel at
home welcome home